it's like chicks always want to blame
all the fucking problems on men it's
never their fault it's never your fault
that you can't come no it's not fucking
possible that you couldn't fucking come
she didn't make me come Jennifer he
didn't make me come
no bitch let's get this shit straight
you didn't make you come why is it that
we never have a problem coming no matter
how fucking ugly you are you could be
bad ugly we don't fucking care we will
come because we focus when we're fucking
you were fucking you and that's all
we're thinking about see the problem
with you chicks is that you don't
fucking think about what you're doing
when we're fucking you all of a sudden
you start thinking oh my god should I
have done this is this right to do it in
the car is she gonna get any ideas you
better remember my name that fucker
better call me tomorrow did you remember
my names so I have his number do I
really like about just who I want to
fuck him I think I like them should I
grab his ass should I let him stick it
in my ass should I put my finger in his
that I don't know do I have milk don't
think milk sweetie no orange juice at
the house holy shit
by the time you fucking we're coming all
over
and then you have the balls go you
already came I've been poking you for 45
minutes
my dick is changing at this point cuz
women don't apply the same rule see you
don't understand the men and women are
different ladies we're completely
different it's easy to make a man come
it's hard to make a woman come bullshit
see and I know why you say that because
you think that men and women are the
same but you're fucking wrong
see for example men have a g-spot of
course we do it's an easy g-spot every
guy has it in the same fucking place
won't their days it never hides it never
changes as a matter of fact it's
retarded proof just in case you don't
know where it is it gets a little
fucking bigger just where your retarded
ass it's my dicks way of gone maybe
she's stupid over a theater coming over
here and I know what you're thinking
women have G spots to concur of course
you do the difference every wound and
you bitches in this room has a g-spot
except in every one of you attend a
different fucking bite
how the fuck am I supposed to find this
shit you fuck one girl she comes when
you grab her right fucking here you fuck
the next girl your grandpa right there
she goes you gonna fuck me or tickle me
every time you fuckin every girl in
moves how would you like to be
Christopher Columbus you discover
America
go tell everybody I found it go back to
the same place and I swear it was right
there
[Applause]
she women you need to understand that
we're different you need to understand
that you're very complicated see once a
woman learns how to give one man a
blowjob guess what you graduated you
don't need any more classes you know how
to suck every guy's dick from that point
on for a guy it's different
cuz we learn how to go down on our
girlfriend and we learn how to make her
cum and that's cool but you only know
how to make her calm if you did that
shit to her friend she'd be like huh no
no I don't know who taught you that but
you got a fucking lick the bean come on
you gotta lick the beans you gotta just
a little man in the boat vitamin
[Applause]
see that's difficult firm back and you
fucking women don't help we can to make
you come sweetheart I want to make you
feel good what could I do
here's your stupid answer I don't know
whatever you act like you've never seen
a dick in your life oh what's that you
could do whatever I'm fucking say
whatever to me you do whatever but don't
get mad when I stick it in your thought
you said whatever I know what whatever
means
here's Webster's dictionary reading it's
easy for a woman you don't understand
how easy it is for you ladies whatever
you do to a dick it feels good
whatever you do you can you can hit a
dick like that if you're strong you can
lick it if you can spit on it it feels
good
you can fucking jerk it whack it punch
it if you stare at a dick long enough
ladies with the proper intensity and
just stare at it it'll get a barnacle
Oh